At winter 98 there were no figures of international stature despite
that there was the opportunity to observe the ones in the world cup
however, the local market offered the teams good chances of
Put an end to achieve the planned objectives
were the new faces of the technical direction not only one in this case
Miguel Ángel López did not finish his cycle with the saints
Those who did stay were Roman with Zelaya José Treviño with the
striped of monterrey tomás boy with morelia and roberto marcos saporiti with
the cougars of the university
other coaches who did not finish the tournament were Miguel Mejía Barón with
atlante replaced by arturo vázquez ayala
errs and was relieved by bard hinton raúl cárdenas in puebla whose replacement
He did not wait after having been the cause of hiring
several deputies authentic firecrackers
juan de dios castillo who supplied the lefty left-handed in the team of saints
jorge martínez with an extraordinary season among all as a relay of
vucetich
javier aguirre by andrés fassi institution
and Manuel Manzo as third technician of the Neza bulls who achieved his first victory
to date 12 beating the militia team
finally in terms of movements of players to other sets
the hiring of luis garcía and ricardo peláez with
Guadalajara
Pavel Pardo by the Autonomous University of Guadalajara
mojamed with the striped of monterrey
Luis Hernandez with the Tigers
Felix Hernandez the Venezuelan who is a very good couple with peacock in the
team of zelaya
zambrano and zermattén in pumas although the latter with very little activity
because he assaulted on date five the referee felipe bouquets rizo
braulio luna who arrived in america the same as damián álvarez
who came from the league of the United States just like Jorge Campos pointed
and Carlos Hermosillo with yarn of champion and house
Special mention deserves two foreigners who came to make a great contribution in
the rows of the atlas and pachuca respectively we refer to federico
lagorio with 12 annotations and alejandro glaría with 11 goals
the tuzos found in the Argentine a luxury replacement if we take into account
that a few days after starting the tournament the Spaniard Carlos Muñoz left the
team for high personal problems and low banic and it comes very important is
have hired